# VA24-7

This basic idea behind this project is to help the health care domain to ease their operations of monitoring patients and take appropriate actions quickly. Consider a patient who is in ICU and the nurse who is monitoring the patient went for a bio break and during that time the patient got into cardiac arrest. And it will be too late for the staff and come over and save the patient. That's where this VA247 will help us. Image if there is an IoT device which is attached to the patient which continuously monitors the patient pulse rate and the doctor who is sitting in the next block was able to get see those data and analyze the patient's condition at any given point of time. And as soon as there is a abnormal spike in the patient's pulse rate it is going to alert the doctor. In this case, there will a very high probability of doctor reaching out the patient on time and save him. 

Moving forward we can also extend this application to create memberships between doctors and patients and the ability to monitor than even after they have discharged from the hospital. Have a conversation with the doctor and while the doctor can assign prescriptions to the patient and have custom alerts to take that medication on time. We can even have automated service which can call an ambulance if the patient heart rate or BP spikes up and alert this emergency contacts and hospital stating this health condition before everything and all this while the patient can't even make a phone call. There is a lot of scope into this and the possibilities are limitless.
